Feat/doc streamlit app (#37)
recognai/rubrix: docs/guides/streamlit_guide.rst

Monitoring and collecting data from third-party apps
====================================================

The goal of this guide is to show you **how Rubrix can be integrated into third-party ML applications** to collect predictions and user feedback. For this one we are going to use `streamlit <https://streamlit.io>`_\ , an amazing service that turns data scripts into web apps with very few lines of code. 

Let's make a quick showdown of the app we've made, how you can run it locally and how to integrate Rubrix into other apps.

What does our streamlit app do?
-------------------------------

> In our streamlit app we've working on a use case of *multilabel text classification*\ , including the inference process to make predictions and the annotations over those predictions. The NLP model running beneath is a zero-shot classifier based on `SqueezeBERT <https://huggingface.co/typeform/squeezebert-mnli>`_\ , used to predict text categories. These predictions are **mutilabel**\ , which means that more than one category can be predicted for a given text, thus the sum of the probabilities of all the candidate labels can be greater that 1. For this reasons, we let the user pick a threshold, showing which labels will be included in the prediction when changing its value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our streamlit app we are working on a use case of *multilabel text classification*\ , including the inference process to make predictions and the annotations over those predictions. The NLP model running beneath is a zero-shot classifier based on `SqueezeBERT <https://huggingface.co/typeform/squeezebert-mnli>`_\ , used to predict text categories. These predictions are **mutilabel**\ , which means that more than one category can be predicted for a given text, thus the sum of the probabilities of all the candidate labels can be greater than 1. For this reasons, we let the user pick a threshold, showing which labels will be included in the prediction when changing its value. 
```

After the threshold is selected, the user can make its own annotation, whether or not she or he thinks the predictions are correct. This is where the *human-in-the-middle* comes into play, by responding to a model made prediction with a user made annotation, that could eventually be used to provide feedback to the model or to make retrainings.

> Once the annotated labels are selected, the user can press the **log** button. A ``TextClassificationRecord`` will be created an logged into Rubrix with all the information about the process: the input text, the prediction and the annotation. This data is also displayed in the streamlit app, as the process ends. But you could always change the input text, the threshold or the annotated labels and log again!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the annotated labels are selected, the user can press the **log** button. A ``TextClassificationRecord`` will be created and logged into Rubrix with all the information about the process: the input text, the prediction and the annotation. This data is also displayed in the streamlit app, as the process ends. But you could always change the input text, the threshold or the annotated labels and log again!
```

How to run the app
------------------

We've created a `standalone repository <https://github.com/recognai/rubrix-streamlit-example>`_\  for this streamlit app, for you to clone and play around. To run the app, follow these steps:

#. Install the requirements into a fresh environment (or into your system, but take care with the dependency problems!) with Python 3, via ``pip install -r requirements.txt``.
#. Run ``streamlit run app.py``.
#. In the response prompt, streamlit will give you the localhost direction where your app will be running. You can now open it in your browser.

Rubrix integration
------------------

> Rubrix can be used alongside any third-party apps, as long as there is a Python script running beneath. In our case, the logging of the record is made when the log button is pressed. In that moment, two lists will be populated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rubrix can be used alongside any third-party apps via its REST API or its Python client. In our case, the logging of the record is made when the log button is pressed. In that moment, two lists will be populated:
```

Author: Much much better, thank you!

* ``labels``\ , with the predicted labels by the zero-shot classifier
* ``selected_labels``\ , with the annotated labels, selected by the user.

> Then, the ``TextClassificationRecord`` will be logged as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, using the Python client we log instances of ``rubrix.TextClassificationRecord``s as follows:
```

.. code-block:: python

>    item = rb.TextClassificationRecord(

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   item = rubrix.TextClassificationRecord(
```

                   inputs={"text": text_input},
                   prediction=labels,
                   prediction_agent="typeform/squeezebert-mnli",
                   annotation=selected_labels,
                   annotation_agent="streamlit-user",
                   multi_label=True,
                   event_timestamp=datetime.datetime.now(),
                   metadata={"model": "typeform/squeezebert-mnli"}
               )

   dataset_name = "multilabel_text_classification"

>    rb.log(name=dataset_name, records=item)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   rubrix.log(name=dataset_name, records=item)
```

Author: We want rubrix.something to be 'the default', or we want to embrace the rb (somehow like pandas embrace the pd)?

Reviewer: Ok, but then i think we should add an `import rubrix as rb` in the code block, otherwise it is not clear what `rb` is.

Author: okay, i could include that in all blocks and not only at the beggining
